{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 For your project, where the contractor, government, and bank interact via smart contracts, here\rquote s a detailed flow for the entire process, from the contractor\rquote s registration to the conversion of tokens to fiat. This will include the flow of data and communication between the different parties (Contractor, Government, and Bank), along with the display of project details for transparency.\par
\par
\b 1. Contractor Registration (Step 1)\par
\b0 Flow:\par
\par
The contractor registers on the platform, providing their personal details, company information, and company CIN number (Company Identification Number).\par
The contractor also connects their MetaMask wallet to the platform and submits the public key for fund transfers.\par
Smart Contract Action:\par
\par
ContractorRegistrationContract: This contract will store the contractor\rquote s registration information (personal details, company information, and MetaMask wallet address) in the blockchain.\par
Data Flow:\par
\par
Contractor submits registration details through the platform (Frontend).\par
The platform triggers the smart contract to store contractor details (Backend to Blockchain).\par
Verification:\par
\par
The government (via a government officer) verifies the contractor\rquote s details, such as the CIN number, by checking with the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (this can be done manually or through an API, depending on implementation).\par
\b 2. Contractor Applies for Project (Step 2)\par
\b0 Flow:\par
After registration, the contractor can apply for a particular project published by the government. The contractor submits their bid and details of the project they are interested in (including tender and project details).\par
Smart Contract Action:\par
TenderContract: A contract for each project will store the details of tenders, such as project ID, contractor's bid, and other contract specifics. Government will review these and approve or reject tenders.\par
Data Flow:\par
Contractor submits tender application (Frontend).\par
Tender details are stored on the blockchain (Backend to Blockchain).\par
Government checks the tender and either accepts or rejects it.\par
\b 3. Government Approves Tender & Token Issuance (Step 3)\par
\b0 Flow:\par
After reviewing the contractor\rquote s tender, the government approves it and creates tokens (equal to the project budget) in the form of ERC-20 tokens, which will be transferred to the contractor\rquote s MetaMask wallet.\par
Smart Contract Action:\par
TokenIssuanceContract: When the government accepts the tender, this contract issues the initial batch of tokens to the contractor\rquote s MetaMask wallet.\par
ERC-20 Token Contract: The ERC-20 token smart contract handles the issuance of tokens to the contractor\rquote s wallet.\par
Data Flow:\par
Government accepts the tender (via platform) and triggers the issuance of tokens.\par
Tokens are transferred from the government\rquote s wallet to the contractor\rquote s wallet using the ERC-20 token contract.\par
\b 4. Initial Fund Transfer to Contractor (Step 4)\par
\b0 Flow:\par
The contractor receives an initial fund transfer (e.g., 30% of the project budget in tokens).\par
The contractor can use these tokens to begin the project.\par
Smart Contract Action:\par
FundTransferContract: This contract is responsible for transferring the tokens to the contractor\rquote s wallet.\par
Data Flow:\par
Government triggers the contract to transfer tokens to the contractor.\par
A transaction is created and sent from the government wallet to the contractor\rquote s wallet.\par
\b 5. Contractor Works on Project (Step 5)\par
\b0 Flow:\par
\par
The contractor uses the initial funds to start working on the project. They may purchase raw materials, hire subcontractors, etc.\par
Smart Contract Action:\par
\par
WorkInProgressContract: This contract records the progress of the work, such as material purchase, labor hiring, etc. The contractor can also update their progress with proof (photos, documents, receipts).\par
Data Flow:\par
\par
Contractor submits progress details via the platform (Frontend).\par
The progress is stored in the blockchain for transparency.\par
\b 6. Contractor Submits Proof of Work & Government Verifies (Step 6)\par
\b0 Flow:\par
\par
The contractor submits proof of work done (e.g., photos, receipts) via the platform.\par
An audit team verifies the submitted work. If approved, additional funds (e.g., 40%) are released to the contractor.\par
Smart Contract Action:\par
\par
ProofVerificationContract: This contract allows the contractor to submit work proofs and allows the audit team to verify them.\par
TokenReleaseContract: Once verification is done, the contract releases the next batch of tokens (40%) to the contractor.\par
Data Flow:\par
\par
Contractor submits proof of work (via platform).\par
Audit team verifies the proof, and upon success, the tokens are transferred to the contractor's wallet.\par
\b 7. Contractor Pays Subcontractors/Employees (Step 7)\par
\b0 Flow:\par
\par
The contractor can now transfer funds (tokens) to subcontractors and employees involved in the project (e.g., raw material vendors, laborers).\par
Smart Contract Action:\par
\par
SubcontractorPaymentContract: This contract handles the transfer of tokens from the contractor to subcontractors/employees.\par
Data Flow:\par
\par
The contractor initiates a transfer to subcontractors through the platform.\par
Tokens are transferred to subcontractor/employees\rquote  wallets using the ERC-20 token contract.\par
\b 8. Contractor Requests Token Conversion to Money (Step 8)\par
\b0 Flow:\par
\par
When the contractor or subcontractor wants to convert the tokens into real money, they initiate a request with the bank.\par
The bank receives the request, performs verification, and converts tokens into fiat currency (using the ERC-20 token contract for token burn or transfer).\par
Smart Contract Action:\par
\par
TokenConversionContract: This contract is used by the bank to verify the contractor's request and approve the conversion of tokens into fiat currency. Tokens may be burned or transferred to the bank\rquote s wallet for conversion.\par
Data Flow:\par
\par
Contractor or subcontractor requests conversion via the platform (Frontend).\par
The bank processes the conversion and sends the corresponding fiat money to the contractor\rquote s registered bank account.\par
Transparency & Communication Between Parties\par
Platform Communication: The platform will serve as the interface where contractors, government, and banks can interact with the system. The platform will fetch real-time data from the blockchain and display project details like:\par
\par
Contractor details\par
Project status\par
Fund releases (initial and subsequent payments)\par
Token transactions (who transferred what amount to whom)\par
Conversion requests and statuses\par
Smart Contract Communication: All data is communicated and stored on the blockchain, ensuring transparency and auditability.\par
\par
Public Access: The smart contract details (tender applications, fund releases, work progress) can be made public for transparency.\par
Project Updates: The platform will display ongoing project details and status updates by fetching data from the relevant smart contracts.\par
Notifications: Parties involved (contractor, government, bank) can receive notifications about status updates via the platform (or via integration with email/SMS APIs).\par
Important Considerations\par
Smart Contracts: Depending on your design, you may have multiple contracts or a single contract to handle the entire flow. For modularity, you could split contracts into specific responsibilities (e.g., registration, token issuance, fund release, payment transfer).\par
\par
Security: Ensure all smart contracts are properly tested and audited to avoid vulnerabilities such as reentrancy attacks or incorrect fund transfers.\par
\par
Off-Chain Data: Some data (like government verification) may need to be handled off-chain. For this, oracles or API calls to external sources like the Ministry of Corporate Affairs can be used.\par
\par
Let me know if you want further details or clarification on any step!\par
}
 